Spread info on adding custom rules, refactor info on deletion, etc. (#1237)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/policies.md

# Policies

> Increase the breadth and depth of your scan coverage or remove noise from scans through the Policies page. Block or permit pull requests (PRs) or merge requests (MRs) from merging based on the rule that detected the finding.

Author: ```suggestion
Increase the breadth and depth of your scan coverage or remove noise from scans through the Policies page. Block or allow merges for pull requests (PRs) or merge requests (MRs) based on the rule that detected the finding.
```

The Policies page displays a visual representation of the rules that Semgrep Code uses for scanning. By default, the same rules will run on all repositories. This is sufficient for most users and simpler for most teams to reason about.

> ## Multiple policies

Author: I moved this content down on the page to make it less prominent, and changed the box to let folks know that the beta is not currently open. That way it's still available for folks who have the feature but isn't right in front when it's not the primary experience.

Reviewer: ACK

You can also select individual rules under the **Mode** column and disable them one by one.

## Policies filter reference

> This section explains columns in the rule pane of the Policies page in detail:

Author: Possibly intentional, but did you mean to leave out the Labels, Open findings, and Fix rate?

Reviewer: Not intentional! Thanks for the catch.

Reviewer: Solved by creating a separate reference of filters vs rule entry columns.

| Filter | Description | Examples or possible values |
| -------  | ------ | ------ |
| Rule name  | Name of the rule that Semgrep Code uses for scanning.       | [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> `docs-print-to-logger`](https://semgrep.dev/playground/s/KPzL)       |
| Severity  | The higher the severity, the more critical the issues are that a rule detects.      |  <ul><li>High</li><li>Medium</li><li>Low</li></ul>      |
| Confidence  | Indicates confidence of the rule to detect true positives.      |  <ul><li>High</li><li>Medium</li><li>Low</li></ul>      |

> | Source  | Indicates the origin of a rule.       | <ul><li><strong>Pro:</strong> Authored by Semgrep with cross-file (interfile), and cross-function (interprocedural) analysis capabilities providing you with enhanced scan accuracy. For more information, see <a href="/semgrep-code/pro-rules/"><i class="fa-regular fa-file-lines"></i> Pro rules.</a></li><li><strong>Community:</strong> Authored by Semgrep, Inc or external contributors such as Trail of Bits.</li><li><strong>Custom:</strong> Rules created within your Semgrep organization. For more information, see <a href="/writing-rules/private-rules/"><i class="fa-regular fa-file-lines"></i> Private rules</a>.</li></ul>.      |

Author: ```suggestion
| Source  | Indicates the origin of a rule.       | <ul><li><strong>Pro:</strong> Authored by Semgrep with cross-file (interfile) and cross-function (interprocedural) analysis capabilities, providing you with enhanced scan accuracy. For more information, see <a href="/semgrep-code/pro-rules/"><i class="fa-regular fa-file-lines"></i> Pro rules.</a></li><li><strong>Community:</strong> Authored by Semgrep, Inc or external contributors such as Trail of Bits.</li><li><strong>Custom:</strong> Rules created within your Semgrep organization. For more information, see <a href="/writing-rules/private-rules/"><i class="fa-regular fa-file-lines"></i> Private rules</a>.</li></ul>.      |
```

The existing commas feel weird to me, maybe this version?

> | Ruleset  | Rules are also organized in rulesets. Rulesets are groups of rules related through a programming language, OWASP category, or framework.       | <ul><li><a href="https://semgrep.dev/p/comment"><i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> Comment ruleset</a></li><li><a href="https://semgrep.dev/p/react"><i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> React ruleset</a></li></ul>       |

Author: This is sort of a weird one because one of the examples (comment) is not related through any of those categories, it's just rules we think are good for comment mode. I'm not really sure how to articulate that as a criterion, though.

Reviewer: I'll change the example.
